clarify snowflake qs steps (#4739)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/snowflake-qs.md

        <Snippet path="snowflake-acct-name" />
    

>     * **Role** &mdash; `transform` or `ACCOUNTADMIN`. This tells dbt what Snowflake role should be assumed after connecting to Snowflake.

Author: ```suggestion
    * **Role** &mdash; `transform`, `transformer`, or `ACCOUNTADMIN`. This tells dbt what Snowflake role should be assumed after connecting to Snowflake.
```

>     * **Role** &mdash; `transform`, `transformer`, or `ACCOUNTADMIN`. This tells dbt what Snowflake role should be assumed after connecting to Snowflake.

Author: ```suggestion
    * **Role** &mdash; `ACCOUNTADMIN`. This tells dbt what Snowflake role should be assumed after connecting to Snowflake.
```

        <Snippet path="snowflake-acct-name" />
    

>     * **Role** &mdash; `ACCOUNTADMIN`. This tells dbt what Snowflake role should be assumed after connecting to Snowflake.

Author: ```suggestion
    * **Role** &mdash; `TRANSFORMER` or your default Snowflake role. This tells dbt what Snowflake role should be assumed after connecting to Snowflake.
```

1. Click **Start developing in the IDE**. It might take a few minutes for your project to spin up for the first time as it establishes your git connection, clones your repo, and tests the connection to the warehouse.
2. Above the file tree to the left, click **Initialize your project**. This builds out your folder structure with example models.

> 3. Make your initial commit by clicking **Commit and sync**. Use the commit message `initial commit`. This creates the first commit to your managed repo and allows you to create a new branch where you can add new dbt code. Note, the main branch is set to read-only mode.

Reviewer: Hiya @mirnawong1 - I've updated this section following your suggestion
```suggestion
3. Make your initial commit by clicking Commit and sync. Use the commit message initial commit. This creates the first commit to your managed repo and allows you to open a branch where you can add new dbt code.
```

> 4. Create a new branch by clicking the **+ Create new branch** button below the **Version control** section.

Reviewer: @mirnawong1 - I've also updated this section too following your guidance
```suggestion
4. You can now directly query data from your warehouse and execute dbt run. You can try this out now:

- Click + Create new file, add this query to the new file, and click Save as to save the new file:

select * from raw.jaffle_shop.customers

- In the command line bar at the bottom, enter dbt run and click Enter. You should see a dbt run succeeded message.
```
